Yes has been very much add Hello everybody in the previous large-scale update of
Private match is true Private match was implemented, so it's slow
You can play by being called in a plan called Player vs. Voice Lloyd Live Player
Was
It 's perfect for playing with people you saw because it is not reflected in the results
No, I can read the air but I
Mother Do I people-sponsored do not know non-Western person's alpha team of voice Lloyd tax
After all it's like allies, but please rest assured Gold Prize Winner
My team called the king of the territory wo n't lose in the territory battle
Wins to not accustomed to any way you like blue-white in the territory Benkei is Nikki but Do Well wins match oar organizers
Because I only had an area
I this time turf battle 2 post-war ed in the fact that the first part is you in the area battle Chi Victory about geese and
I will send about 10 games, so if you go to the videos of other lively people, you may see other games
By all means
The first match is my holy place b bus I can not feel that this team will wear only the previous weapon
No two people who live in a roller
It was Tsu bucket class
It is good to have my paintability be understood slowly
It's because it is said that it seems that it is okay depending on how you look at the video comment
Unexpectedly it may be a good party, and it is a machine voice that pops out like a messy voice Lloyd
File this Reimu will fill him with ink
The contributor is a pattern that was going to buy edge
What is the traitor who has such a chestless character I do not have a head and body but
The story of the chest is nce
In huh Well bucket to Chinami Na' become so is a new fresh buy one more Fill a Fotto
Pattern that is not understood and is not painted beautifully and is irritated
I got lost with a familiar weapon and I got lost with a spinner
It is surreal ink that is inexhaustible that does not meet this bucket capacity when it is stuck
Such back of the tank to fly burst when it is done in height is due I'm sure basis of ink compression capability of
I think it 's because I can play in this compressed pressure and I'm doing it with other lively people.
Even as usual, it is a good story I like this my personal pace without breaking my usual stance
It would be fun to bucket bucket from above if it should be done and it is good except pablo
I found a toy
If you do not have to carefully select the gear for the bucket, it seems that the world is now excited with squid girl gear
No way you can and come to invade this game Leh say we dance Kamepe No
It's all about the powerful throw of this all-you-can-eat and this special with a special .
Sea Sparrow
Tornado Yatchimaina I'm sorry over that contains more than people home much a rank
I heard that was meaningless
In the territorial battle, it is worthwhile
I 'll do my best to win a match if I feel good
I only feel about once every two weeks , but still a long time after the purchase b negative
Benkei of
The
Also It was just team deathmatch when I was play-by-play of Markhor of Duty
In the first place
I think there are many other sweet realists, so I don't have to make a match.
I 'm creative I'm looking for free paint Creative
It must be free HaneKo without being disturbed by anyone when you paint the territory
Yes this is also withdrawal for that
During fighting wonder I lived nuts but yea it paleness But with the back of calculation
It's just like you broke in and out, Dynamo Roller wins and comes back to the top
The mass production of the oil start dynamo is involved in the battle
Bad but wonder if it was Well then Butayaro Mr. anything live urging territory of the bridge here's territory
I feel sympathy Hey, you
I feel dynamo power from the front of the eye other than the victory
If I take off my own style different from going to the tornado
Sense of language wards, such dull mineral was made Oh Asekkaku feel the softening power color
It is disaster damage and castle 35 that came to revenge now
The main video is bfh's Yukarin robbery or bfh is not a tank because it is not a tank
Let's practice Aim to fight the infantry, but leave it to another person
Saki's Kurotomato is in Kurotomato Yamamura's was bucket topped the crest Kamon Dosakusa
Is a Pokemon lively southern
The theme of the rain is not to be caught by a samne, but it seems that some painters are also doing it.
Please give me
Anything Shimamura months Saki is over rookie to I hear that one week bought Pula thank you
Taste the baptism of the territory , but it is the result of the first battle
Isn't it overwhelming? My army is not the image that you are active.
It is team work I think that there are few enemies in the burn to which null everyone wears
How are you doing with a total of 3 insane chargers and such long tubes of allies ?
However, the other side of me is no longer a different dimension class
That's the second game
It is probably expected by most viewers that this match will be the last activity of the grass people.
Will
Toka only spoilers turf battle a total of three races not a thank you predict the lie extra prophecy
Blue and white sculpting too much Please see the rope Benkei is more than usual
Turbulent red zap Game 1 second of this coating weapon Kimee round Recommended
Those who were hateable without losing the other party
It is polite that I should be able to enjoy it on Twitter after the game, as it should be serious about shooting height and be serious
A greeting me was of yet another of your story clothing
I'm driven into the extreme clumsiness comment in the terrible videos do not come to the battle collusion everyone
Show me how active I am to other lively people
It is divided into the last half before and after the true purpose animation that I participated this time
The true purpose is revealed in the first half and this fallen ink management surely miserable Gachi battle
I'm waiting for the right to be given to the poster
Free absolute voice Lloyd urged you do not post the Te peace of mind syrups because they are then posted this in Mocha
Meeting sweets of
Is it to be done by the Great King with anger and bum markings?
Indeed of Huh Thats think in grass does not grow to the weakness I
This crisis avoidance ability to see what still say because not paint
It really survives in the wilderness not with high offensive predators but with high survivability
It's a living thing If you look at it in the long view of hundreds of millions of years
Match time
How to fight if you want to be a three-minute colacence
Because it is the side where you are blown away to Mars or tera forming it is because it is a horseshoe crab
It's okay to do something anyway
Did you understand that you can not do long life living things?
Because I did it, I was a bit serious I was attacking from a high altitude surprise attack suddenly dropped public
9 the four loan 22 why I died but I lost my heart
I forgot to comment
A weapon used by someone who can not Aim a roller or a weapon for you
It was funny
No matter how you practice, the roller and the charger are so obedient , but you are weird
Even if you have a game that you like some weapons
Gush love about Shrew
I wonder if it's not easy to use because it is limited in how to use it
It will be
Since not a weapon that can kill it, such mon not Japan and kill for you doing with zap
No, no, No, I Do It 's calculation of the charger of sound ally heard
Go, don't you tell me to leave it behind?
It seems that you can hear me coming back in the middle
It seems that 2 is quite difficult I am here with this signal bullet
These would be harassment Well the other single Innovation'm're in Khan of Toko if why that
If you sell a high-performance weapon near your baby 's house
It could be the city Kamae field center Suppression painted guerrillas inherited from annoying Nakimee round teacher
Don't kill me
Fleeing tree is a child
Survive, even with the backstep of discarding this Zap's Yuri distance, that completely
I attack the roller
If it is suitable appropriately, I pull it in to the back and brought in the future 3 calculation prey
Leave it to others If you just paint it here, it's true
Zap's carry-over kind of thing I say the other party s rank or a rank
I can not win it-
Even if it is a fresh and true purpose, it loses the moment here and the ink of the other party's ink looks down
No, no, yes bite to not die in the remaining 10 seconds place painted in 10 seconds of the archive is Torikaesa
There is no such thing as a sanctuary
pablo I pressed and repainted this area will lead to victory
Well, let's take a look at the result of the match king
a Of course I am a professional, so after this the last turf battle was made full bocco
I did not exercise my freedom not to post
Calculation Chaa said to say he forgot to recording cans 6-0 wear one and 7 Kill 0 Death is present
And add and divide 31 and it will be the second part next time
Miserable victory
Match rules delivered in Japan s or a b raped b minus great fun
It will continue in the second half